README.md, before:

# FamLeague
Capstone project for PDX Code Guild

## Overview
#### Major Features
- User login
- Ability to see all football teams and pick your own
- Leaderboard
- Chatroom
#### Problem this project is solving
My family plays "FamLeague" every year, but it takes a lot of time to write everything out and send everyone updates. With this website everyone can create their own team line up, check their scores and have the ability to see who's winning without having to wait.
#### Libraries/Frameworks
- Django
- Beautiful Soup
- Materialize
- Bootstrap

## User Walkthrough
{insert image of flow chart}
- login/register
- pick teams from columns A, B, C, D (ensure no one has the same team line up)
- check your teams score/points
- know the rules/points system (text)
- check leaderboard to see who is winning
- talk to other users (trash talk section) Chatboard/bulletin board

## Data Model
- Users
- Store all football teams
- Store all scores
- Store Tiebreaker teams
- Association of 4 user teams between all teams
- Store messages for chatroom

## Schedule
#### Week 1
- User login system 
- Registration, Rules Boolean
#### Week 2
- Team library setup
- Scores associated with the teams
- Check scores
- Leaderboard
- Chatroom
#### Week 3
- HTML/CSS and JS design
#### Future features
- Create years to save winners/teams for future use
- History of past winners
- Post to social media account if user wants to
- add AJAX to help with design in picking teams, if 3 match disable the last team thats the same to ensure the user cant pick it.

Commit message:

took out insert image, added future addition

README.md, after:

# FamLeague
Capstone project for PDX Code Guild

## Overview
#### Major Features
- User login
- Ability to see all football teams and pick your own
- Leaderboard
- Chatroom
#### Problem this project is solving
My family plays "FamLeague" every year, but it takes a lot of time to write everything out and send everyone updates. With this website everyone can create their own team line up, check their scores and have the ability to see who's winning without having to wait.
#### Libraries/Frameworks
- Django
- Beautiful Soup
- Materialize
- Bootstrap

## User Walkthrough
- login/register
- pick teams from columns A, B, C, D (ensure no one has the same team line up)
- check your teams score/points
- know the rules/points system (text)
- check leaderboard to see who is winning
- talk to other users (trash talk section) Chatboard/bulletin board

## Data Model
- Users
- Store all football teams
- Store all scores
- Store Tiebreaker teams
- Association of 4 user teams between all teams
- Store messages for chatroom

## Schedule
#### Week 1
- User login system 
- Registration, Rules Boolean
#### Week 2
- Team library setup
- Scores associated with the teams
- Check scores
- Leaderboard
- Chatroom
#### Week 3
- HTML/CSS and JS design
#### Future features
- Create years to save winners/teams for future use
- History of past winners
- Post to social media account if user wants to
- add AJAX to help with design in picking teams, if 3 match disable the last team thats the same to ensure the user cant pick it.
- at the end of the season the team categories will change from best to worst depending on their scores to pick for next year.
